OSDOCS-10396:ANP audit logging (#75310)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/openshift_network_security/logging-network-security.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="logging-network-security"]
= Audit logging for network security
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: logging-network-security

toc::[]

> The OVN-Kubernetes network plugin uses Open Virtual Network (OVN) access control list (ACL) to manage `AdminNetworkPolicy`, `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy`, `Networkpolicy`, and egress firewalls objects. Audit logging exposes `allow` and `deny` ACL events for `NetworkPolicy` and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` custom resources (CR). Logging also exposes `allow`, `deny`, and `pass` ACL events for `AdminNetworkPolicy` (ANP) CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OVN-Kubernetes network plugin uses Open Virtual Network (OVN) access control list (ACL) to manage `AdminNetworkPolicy`, `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy`, `Networkpolicy`, and `EgressFirewall` objects. Audit logging exposes `allow` and `deny` ACL events for `NetworkPolicy` and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` custom resources (CR). Logging also exposes `allow`, `deny`, and `pass` ACL events for `AdminNetworkPolicy` (ANP) CR.
```
and what about for EFW? what kind of logging action is exposed?

Author: Looking at our docs I _think_ it is the same as Netpol `allow` and `deny`. I've updated accordingly. https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.15/networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/logging-network-policy.html#nw-networkpolicy-audit-concept_logging-network-policy

> The OVN-Kubernetes network plugin uses Open Virtual Network (OVN) access control list (ACL) to manage `AdminNetworkPolicy`, `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy`, `Networkpolicy`, and `EgressFirewall` objects. Audit logging exposes `allow` and `deny` ACL events for `NetworkPolicy`, `EgressFirewall` and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` custom resources (CR). Logging also exposes `allow`, `deny`, and `pass` ACL events for `AdminNetworkPolicy` (ANP) CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OVN-Kubernetes network plugin uses Open Virtual Network (OVN) access control list (ACL) to manage `AdminNetworkPolicy`, `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy`, `NetworkPolicy`, and `EgressFirewall` objects. Audit logging exposes `allow` and `deny` ACL events for `NetworkPolicy`, `EgressFirewall` and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` custom resources (CR). Logging also exposes `allow`, `deny`, and `pass` ACL events for `AdminNetworkPolicy` (ANP) CR.
```

Author: good catch thank you.

> The OVN-Kubernetes network plugin uses Open Virtual Network (OVN) access control list (ACL) to manage `AdminNetworkPolicy`, `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy`, `NetworkPolicy`, and `EgressFirewall` objects. Audit logging exposes `allow` and `deny` ACL events for `NetworkPolicy`, `EgressFirewall` and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` custom resources (CR). Logging also exposes `allow`, `deny`, and `pass` ACL events for `AdminNetworkPolicy` (ANP) CR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OVN-Kubernetes network plugin uses Open Virtual Network (OVN) access control lists (ACLs) to manage `AdminNetworkPolicy`, `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy`, `NetworkPolicy`, and `EgressFirewall` objects. Audit logging exposes `allow` and `deny` ACL events for `NetworkPolicy`, `EgressFirewall` and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` custom resources (CR). Logging also exposes `allow`, `deny`, and `pass` ACL events for `AdminNetworkPolicy` (ANP) CR.
```
